Document Prefect Cloud API rate limits (#8529)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/ui/rate-limits.md

---
description: Prefect Cloud API rate limits.
tags:
    - API
    - Prefect Cloud
    - rate limits
---

# Prefect Cloud API Rate Limits

> An API rate limit is a way for Prefect to ensure the stability of the Prefect Cloud platform. API rate limits enable us to control the number of requests any given app can make on the platform. It ensures that, when you make an API call, you get a response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API rate limits restrict the number of requests that a single client can make in a given time period. They ensure Prefect Cloud's stability, so that when you make an API call, you always get a response.
```

!!! info "Prefect Cloud rate limits are subject to change"
    The following rate limits are in effect currently, but are subject to change. Contact Prefect support at [help@prefect.io](mailto:help@prefect.io) if you have questions about current rate limits.

Prefect Cloud enforces the following rate limits: 

- Flow and task creation rate limits
- Log service rate limits

> - Service-wide rate limits (applies to all requests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service-wide rate limits (applicable to all requests)
```

## Flow and task creation rate limits

> We limit creation of flow and task runs to: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud limits creation of flow and task runs to: 
```

- 2,000 per minute per account

The Prefect Cloud API will return a `429` response with an appropriate `Retry-After` header if these limits are triggered.

## Log service rate limits

> The `logs` service enforces limits on the number of logs sent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud limits the number of logs accepted:
```

- 700 logs per minute for personal accounts
- 10,000 logs per minute for organization accounts

## Service-wide rate limits

> Prefect also enforces service-wide rate limiting for all Prefect Cloud API routes. This is intended to protect against high request volumes that may degrade service for all users. Service-wide rate limits apply to all routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud also enforces service-wide rate limiting for all API routes. This is intended to protect against high request volumes that may degrade service for all users.
```
